i keep forgetting things will never be the same again i keep forgetting how you made that choice
Saying you can only stay a while And I know that it's fine for you to say the things
I can't forget how you made that so clear I keep forgetting babe
The game is through If this is what's real If this is what's true Tell me how come I Keep forgetting we're not in love anymore Baby Your friends will never be the same again I keep forgetting
How come I?
We're not in love anymore How come I?
Things will never be the same again I keep forgetting how you made that so clear I keep forgetting, baby
Things will never be the same.
Hey, baby.
Forget how you made it so clear.
Every time you leave.
Stop!
Hey, good to see you there, Janet.
Long time no see in the chat.
Janet Reno One on board.
Sorry you can't stay.
It's going to be a really barn burner today.
Barn burner, ladies and gentlemen.
Lots of moves were made on the chess board.
It looks like they're playing a little speed chess now and they're not very good at it.
So we're just going to keep the steady pressure up.
Good to see you there, Mark.
I hope it's not too hot where you are as you're working and listening.
Good to see everybody in the chat.
In fact, free mayonnaise for the cash today.
Free mayonnaise for the cash.
Thank you very much.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying.
We don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
mark mark mark you're so funny as a surgeon you should be speaking out on this you could save lives if you did what the fuck i didn't know anything about this how am i meant to know about this
You know what?
I don't know about everything.
Like, um, you shouldn't, you shouldn't think that just because you're on to something that someone else should be doing it too, buddy.
We've all got our own jobs to do.
I don't tell you what to do.
What the fuck?
Anyway, I mean, the reason why I try to get through to you, get your number, call you and you're busy last time and I'm not busy is, um, look, I went back through the podcast and I'm afraid
think it wasn't good enough mate.
I don't know how to explain this to you but you know it was about it was just over an hour but the thing is what was relevant was like literally just 15 minutes and it was just dragged out and there was not enough substance, not enough facts, not enough details.
I would also say try and work on your presentation.
You drag things out and speak very slowly and it's just you need to be a bit more punchy, a bit more punchy, a bit more animated, a bit more lively.
i mean i don't know if you're just a bit flat that day or what i don't know but you just i think you're i don't know your style you can have you just could inject yourself with a little bit more energy a little bit more animation so what i was going to do actually was
create some clips of the podcast and do a sub stack and obviously credit you and reference you and talk about the opioid deaths and all that kind of stuff so that was the plan i'm sorry mate i've just got a lot of fucking podcasts got a lot of recordings and i'm trying to keep the quality of the content quite high i'm afraid on this occasion it just
It just wasn't good enough.
I'm just being honest with you.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline, from what I understand.
May I humbly suggest
that everybody in the chat do not do not make the mistake of not taking people's word for it when they tell you who they are if people tell you who they are make sure you take their word for it
I don't know what to say about exothermic core-mantle decoupling.
Because if something like that happens, then all the prepping in the world isn't going to do any good.
If the tidal wave or the earthquake is coming to your house, it's a lot more likely that
I think it's much more likely that they want us to be thinking about stuff we have no control over, even if it's real, rather than thinking about stuff that we have control over.
You know, like getting our government out of the hoo, or trying to dispel the PrEP Act to get the PrEP Act struck.
Your consciousness is prime real estate.
You've only got about 30,000 thoughts every day that you can think.
And if you spend a lot of those thoughts on exothermic decoupling of the core and mantle, what you perceive to be true is likely not going to be true.
That's really the bottom line here.
That's where we are.
They have told us a lot of goldfish are sharks.
They've even told us that some sharks are out there that probably aren't.
New sharks, scarier sharks.
It's not to say that some of these bigger ideas aren't real.
It's to say that when you think about those bigger ideas, you're not wasting any time.
You're not wasting any time spreading the news of there being no spread in New York City.
You're not spending any time sharing Jessica Hockett's latest sub stack.
You're not going to spend any time talking about or exploring or reading papers on your own about infectious clones to read their own words about how these DNA and RNA molecules are used to transfect and transform cell culture, and this is called virology.
You're not going to waste any time thinking about how placebo batches, rather than varied lots or some lots that were treated right or weren't treated right, you don't think about placebo batches as being so spectacular.
No one's mentioned this in any of these genius conversations.
You're not going to talk about transfection being a criminally negligent thing.
You're not going to talk about protocols being murder because you're worried about the shift of the mantle relative to the core.
You're not going to talk about gain of function being a mythology.
They want us to teach our children and they're teaching our children through the mainstream media and through social media and through popular media like movies.
You don't want to think about the fact that one of the best ways that this
multinational military exercise could have been executed on us if there were people in front and behind convincing everyone on the left and the right to solve a mystery of a gain-of-function virus leak from a laboratory so that by the time the mystery was solved everybody would be believing in that gain-of-function virus and that perpetual danger coming from bioterrorism and the garage of an especially
endeavorous undergraduate.
And all this takes is a spectacular commitment of lies to lies from a few people that have been put in front of us by the artificial programming of social media.
It's not because they've risen because there's a consensus about how smart these people are.
They've risen to the top of social media because of the programming of social media.
And now those people, these artificial voices, are attributing bad motives to me.
I'm dividing.
I think everybody's fake, ladies and gentlemen.
When the truth is the truth, you just tell it.
And if the truth is that a lot of these people in front of us are fake, then the only way that anyone is going to be able to see it if they can't see it already is to be shown.
And a lot of people who are shown still don't want to see it.
Some of them can't see it.
How many times have any of these people tried to explain to you that the illusion of transhumanism has to do with the illusion that if we collect enough data from enough people and we feed it into a big enough AI with enough processors that the... that the...
Irreducible complexity that should be considered sacred could be reduced to a set of tools that we could use to make humanity demigods.
How come no one like Jessica Rose has been able to so succinctly say that I'm just one of the podcasts that she's ever been on?
Hours and hours spent talking about the spike protein and about bears, but never talking about how they might've just lied to us for a couple decades, then murdered people to hide that fact, and now they're lying about it.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have inherited charlatans that have power over us because they inherited it from their mentors and from their fathers and mothers before them.
And if we are going to shed the shackles of their slavery, we need to be able to see them as the charlatans that they are.
And it's not just these obvious Scooby-Doo villains.
I assure you that my intention is to make gentle the life of this world.
I do not want my kids to grow up in strife and in division and in a world full of anger and frustration.
and a lack of understanding.
I need my kids to be able to see this wave of lies.
I want them to be able to surf it so that my family and my grandkids can reach the other side, reach the shore safely and not get pounded into the coral reef.
that is poverty and misery and confusion that's created by these people who are working for the slavers.
They're working for these weaponized piles of money.
I can't really tell you much more than that because they're so coordinated in their lying.
Oh, it is interesting that a lot of these epigirls don't have kids.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
If you're here for the first time, you might be a skilled TV watcher or a social media watcher, a user needing of help.
The very short through the corner version is you got to stay focused on the biology.
You can't take the bait on social media and you got to love your neighbors.
More viewers consistently spread this word each week, and that's why we're already at 63 viewers at the start of the show.
Thank you very much for working so hard to share this work.
Yesterday's stream was an absolute nuclear bomb, and people are starting to hear it, I think.
People have started to feel the waves, and they're reacting.
And I think they're reacting in very predictable ways, ways that we could have predicted a week ago, or even a couple days ago, before we did the streams that we did over the last couple days.
We could have told you that they were going to react like this.
And the paradigm is about to shift, because unless they throw me off Twitter, or unless they really use
new magical means to reprogram the way that people can share my work, eventually this is going to reach a critical mass and it's going to explode.
And people are going to actually find out that something very important is happening here.
And as people drop their hands from their eyes and drop their cell phones and their social media from their eyes,
They're going to see that we need to start engaging in informed non-compliance immediately because freedom is measured in ohms, ladies and gentlemen.
Freedom is measured in ohms.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by Biologist.
It is the 23rd of May, 2024.
My kids have less than seven days left in school, and I don't even know where the year went.
Somebody said that this morning in my
all the gears in my head just went for a while.
I couldn't really compute what, how much time had passed.
My oldest son is about to be a freshman in high school.
And every time I say it out loud, I have to shake myself again because it's just, it is unbelievable.
Um, and I am blessed to have three very healthy kids, very smart and lively kids.
Um, no, no problems.
They're just the usual, you know, teenagers are about to be teenagers or,
Oh.
It's all just, you know, I'm very lucky to have the family that I do behind me, and I'm very lucky to have the people subscribing and supporting my work that I do.
Thank you all very, very much.
Yesterday's stream was a very important one because I got a lot of things off of my chest with the help of a video from Kevin McKernan from the 24th of April, 2020, where, shocking even to myself, the amount of narrative control that was already present
His shtick was pretty impressive.
And today I want to really follow up on that.
I'm a human just like you.
I get upset about this stuff because I think that really generations of people to come are in danger of being enslaved by these people.
Some of these people may be wittingly or unwittingly coerced or not, but they're all helping now, and very few people are left that are actually just American patriots.
And it frightens me to say something like this out loud, but I have told you who I follow and who I think is worth following.
I think Jessica Hockett is
is absolutely 100% good to go.
I think Kevin McKernan is not.
And I think there are very, very good arguments to be made from my personal experience with him and my public appearances with him and his public appearances with others and what he particularly has spent his time on, which can be, from my perspective, not misconstrued.
that it is evidence that an eighth grader, if they were presented with, would say, wow, that guy's got an interesting alternative agenda.
It certainly isn't cooperating with me.
And you might say, well, of course, he's not going to cooperate with you.
But it would be very easy to use me to bring everybody to understand the subtleties of virology and how I'm wrong about
how I characterize DNA and RNA, cloned molecules, and how they're used to transfect and transform cell cultures, and that's called virology.
And how it's weird that I got there so late in 2024, and the no-virus people have never been able to get there just to say that.
Like, you could do the whole no-virus schtick in about 10 minutes, right?
We were against the vaccine schedule before the pandemic.
And then during the pandemic, we've been exclusively focused on isolation and purification of the virus and making you agree that there is no virus or maybe no viruses at all, depending on which conversation you listen to.
Sometimes they're very precise and it's only about SARS-CoV-2, which I would totally agree with.
And sometimes it's about all viruses, which is a much more subtle
and difficult conversation to have because it's possible that some viruses are a lie and other viruses aren't.
Or some signals in that size range are real and some size signals in that size range have been exaggerated in their fidelity or even in their existence as a whole.
So the lack of nuance in their arguments, depending on what argument or what podcast you heard on, again, revealed them as meddlers to me.
And not very many people have been actually shaking a can on the internet for four years trying to, at the same time, make progress with understanding what's really happening in the context of this national security operation.
And other people have been pretending to do this, but they really haven't.
And I think the best way to notice that is that a lot of the talking points
And this is what I think is annoying most of them.
Now, a lot of the talking points that Robert Malone was fielding in 2021 are the same talking points that Kevin McCarran was fielding in 2020, that Drastic was fielding in 2020, and the same things that Meryl Nass and Mary Holland have recently fielded on alternative social media as soon as last week.
And so none of them, still none of them, while they attack me and attribute bad motives to the fact that I'm attacking everyone or I call everybody fake, none of them have bothered to start here and say, you know, like Jiki, for example, Jiki could say, you know, he makes some good points.
And that green slide that he starts with that says intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
and that transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent, and that RNA cannot pandemic, is a slide with three very interesting ideas, the best points that Jay has brought up during the pandemic.
But instead, Jiki does exactly the opposite.
And as much as I want to believe that Jiki is a doctor in Australia who's on our team and gets a lot of it right,
his consistent inability or unwillingness to identify Robert Malone as an American part of the American national security state and therefore not to be trusted is quite remarkable.
I mean, he's from Australia.
What does he know from Robert Malone from a hole in the ground?
He could just as easily say that Robert Malone's part of the machine that attacked my country and convinced everybody in Australia to take a shot, but he's not willing to do that.
I wonder why.
He's not worried that Peter McCullough came to Australia to tell everybody in Australia how bad the shot was.
That doesn't strike him as odd that an American has to come to Australia to tell you what happened in Australia.
It doesn't strike you as odd that Americans and Canadians need to tour the world consistently as a group.
and stay in hot tubs and go on cruises off of Turkey and take pictures of their shoes and go to places as far as Romania or Belgium over the last four years together to make sure that the story is told correctly.
And yet somehow or another, none of these international people that say they're speaking out and trying to identify who's responsible, don't see it as odd that the same Americans with deep ties to the vaccine schedule and maybe even fake opposition to the vaccine schedule, these people are all now the people that we're supposed to pay attention to, Judy Mikovits, Robert Malone, Meryl Nass,
Or Canadians with dual citizenship, like Jessica Rose?
Or Americans with dual citizenship?
I mean, what are we talking about here?
And yet somehow or another, there's a guy over in Japan that says everybody's, it's the Jews or something like that.
And that I take money from Pharisees.
And they're all together, they're all together on this slide that I show you every day with the t-shirt that says, COVID shots are bad, don't talk about 2020.
And now they're tweeting together.
And it's the spread of bad ideas that they are responsible for curating over the last four and a half years, almost five years.
that got us here, really five years if you think that a lot of these people were getting put in place and practicing their curation of the narrative right away from the beginning and end of 2019, including Brett Weinstein and the rest of the quote unquote intellectual dark web.
Many of whose members are now prominent voices in this pseudo resistance.
How the hell can you be, as an Australian, how the hell can you be neutral on Robert Malone?
What the hell does that even mean?
Robert Malone has 20 years and $20 billion worth of reasons and experience acclaimed by him.
not to trust him as a whistleblower on the deep state or not to trust him on the whistle as a whistleblower of the globalists like that's ridiculous
And that's why I just don't, I don't get it with Jiki and I, and nevermind the, all these anonymous mouse accounts, which 90% of them are actors.
And then the other ones are just unwitting participants that aren't sophisticated enough to see that by creating a bunch of bots with, with these little icons of mice and stuff, they can cloud and muddy the water.
with crazy objections and crazy statements, while people with genuine interest in helping get the truth out using those little mice, you know, get overwhelmed by them.
So today is Thursday.
We're going to do a throwback Thursday.
I thought I would go to the international conference in Stockholm, Sweden that took place on January in January of 2023 called pandemic strategies, lessons, and consequences.
Um, I wonder how everyone will find this.
I wonder if everybody remembers that this occurred.
I think it's really important to remind everybody that such an event occurred.
And so let me switch down here and then, um,
Maybe I have to be this way.
Maybe I'm a little better in focus.
Let me just see about this focus quick.
I just have to stand up.
Do a little maneuver here.
That should be OK.
Hey, that looks a little better, I think.
So yeah, this conference is interesting.
And so I definitely want to check it out.
And I thought it would be interesting to look at it first just from the perspective of the website.
So the website is a, what is running here?
That should be you.
The website is, let me just test this quick, sorry.
The website is called Doctors Appeal, and I think I also have it open in another website over here on this computer.
I can give it to you, the link.
Yes.
And there it is.
Please go to this website if you can, and if you have the means.
I haven't really tried.
But it wouldn't be bad for everybody to archive these videos.
I think in the end, these are going to be extremely important historical documents because of the interesting amalgamation of people that showed up here.
So I have a selfie with Mahaltra.
It's an interesting selfie because he didn't want to take it.
He knew who I was.
I'm almost positive because of the way he reacted to me.
He tried to walk, he walked past me about let's say four or five times during the last CHD conference.
And so I saw him a bunch of times.
I didn't even think we made eye contact once or twice where he didn't really
you know, he didn't acknowledge it.
And so eventually I had to just kind of say, um, Hey, can we take a picture quick and just pull him over?
Um, because he wouldn't, because he wouldn't do it.
And so you can kind of see here him, him pulling away a little bit.
Um,
I apologize for the tongue concentrating on trying to take a picture there.
But that's him trying very hard to keep walking and not take a picture with me.
And I know he knows who I am because of the way he acted.
At least that's my feeling.
He can say that he doesn't know me and he doesn't know me from a hole in the ground, but I think he did.
So he's he's a member of this this first presentation and and we'll just take a listen to to the first Oops, we'll just take a listen to the first video here first They have the full presentation of everybody and they also have a short video and so we're gonna watch one of the long presentations but a couple of these short videos
how to kill all mosquitoes in the area in just minutes.
This simple, but- I'm very sorry, again, this is my Mac.
I'm almost at the stage where- Drinking coffee- Ah, shit.
that I'm building a computer for my son so that he doesn't need to use my laptop anymore when he's doing things in his room.
And so at that point- If we go further back, what's going on?
What's driving this?
At that point, I'll have my other laptop back and not this Mac, and then I'll be able to do all the blocking of ads and stuff that I can't really do with Safari, I apologize.
So let's just listen to this.
This is the first dude.
We have to understand, if we go further back, what's going on, what's driving this at the root.
So there's a great concept called the commercial determinants of health, and it's defined as strategies and approaches adopted by the private sector.
This can also apply to big food, by the way, the food industry, to promote products and choices that are detrimental to health.
Now, this is a really nice framework of showing how the dimension vehicles and practices
of multinational big corporations and how they exert their power.
They have power over decision making and control over the political agenda.
Think about capture of politicians, lobbying for example.
They have power to define issues and potential issues, preference shaping, capture of the media, philanthropic organizations.
OK, Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
So if we think about this already, I want you to think very carefully about the idea.
And I'm going to keep emphasizing this because I think it's an important point for people to make on Twitter or wherever they they try to get these ideas out, that although they show you all kinds of graphics that are very convincing of the total control, the total information control that exists around the world, even though they're capable of showing you that they think
that what they do is use that to make sure you don't know things that are true.
It never occurs to them that that all-powerful control over information could be used to make people believe things that aren't true.
And that is a very big difference because the story that all of them tell you with regard to fifth generation warfare never explicitly says that if people lie to you using these systems and they do it together, that's pretty devastating.
They're not able to explain that.
And why wouldn't you explain that?
Because that resonates with eighth graders.
It resonates with high schoolers, that if adults, the whole teacher staff decides to lie to you about the same thing, a high school doesn't stand much of a chance.
If the entire staff decides to get on board with the idea that some kids might be broken and they might not be girls, they might be boys, then the high school kids don't stand a chance.
And if people in this diagram have decided to lie to us about a national security priority, then would it really need to be a real national security crisis or would it just need to be a spectacular commitment to lies about it?
Done with brutal, malevolent precision.
Isn't it so interesting that nobody seems to be able to explain that exact point, but instead just want you to believe that they lied about gain-of-function viruses being real?
And they lied about the possibility that one might have leaked?
Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, heavily invested in McDonald's, Coca-Cola, and pharmaceutical industry stocks.
The second biggest contributor to the WHO now.
Margaret Chan, the former director of the WHO, recently said 70% of the funding from the WHO comes with strings attached.
The WHO are not being independent, unfortunately.
They're being influenced by these commercial entities.
They capture the knowledge environment.
So funding... So that's weird, right?
Again, the who is the bad guy, but the who gets money from the Gates Foundation.
So if we just get rid of the who, and we don't take money from the Gates Foundation anymore, then aren't we kind of shedding these shackles in one go?
Why not just say that?
Why not say, not that the who's bad guy and that the who's taking over, but why not say we just have to end the who?
Because the who is the way they're doing this, or the who is the overarching international mechanism by which we should do this.
So let's get out of the who.
Let's stop the who.
Let's end the who.
Nobody actually says those words.
We have to influence the who.
We have to change the who.
We should take control of the who.
Maybe we should give more money to the who, and then we can maybe tell them what more the who should do.
Education, funding medical research, the legal environment, limiting liability, okay?
Pfizer were able to get waivers from many governments across the world that if there was damage done to people, if there were vaccine injuries, we are not liable.
And then extra legal environment, which we'll come on to in a minute.
Opposition fragmentation, okay?
People who are calling out, pardon my language, people who are calling out their bullshit
They get smeared.
Their credibility gets attacked.
This is not by accident.
This is all part of this framework, this corporate playbook.
And because they do not want to get this into the public's attention.
But there would be nobody doing it covertly, right?
It's just the mainstream media and governments that do that stuff.
They don't also have a group of organized meddlers that do it the opposite way.
No, no, that would be crazy.
We wouldn't want to set up a fake opposition to Fauci and a fake opposition to Ralph Baric and a fake opposition to gain of function research and a fake opposition to bioterrorism to come so that we control both sides of a limited spectrum of debate.
That would be crazy.
If we did that, we'd have to send the same people around to international conferences for like four years to make sure that we got the narrative just right.
don't even know what they don't know, you see?
So, they don't even know what they don't know.
How to kill all mosquitoes in the area.
They don't even know what they don't know, and that's the truth.
The truth is, is that you don't even know who's lying to you, right?
What in the hell is going on here?
I need to hit escape.
Jiminy Christmas.
So this doesn't need to play.
Okay, so let's scroll down.
Fifth Generation Warfare and Sovereignty by Robert Malone.
Okay, that's cool.
Let's check this one out.
So Asim Malhotra and Robert Malone on the same stage, January, 2023, Asim Malhotra says that most people don't even know what's being done to them.
I agree, I agree.
They have no idea that people are lying to them on both sides of the ball.
They have no idea that on both sides of this tug of war, there are traitors to each and every one of our countries, selling out the Five Eyes countries to these globalist weaponized piles of money.
UK and Canada are almost completely enslaved.
Legally, socio-economically, they're in a big bind right now.
America is close behind because of the monetary system and whatever smoke and mirrors that is being done behind the scenes is not good.
And these people work for them.
They are part of the organized
Controlled up the limited spectrum of debate which Robert Malone would describe as people you can never know It's fifth generation warfare.
You can never know who it is Boy this is brutal I didn't I didn't I used I watched this on my on my laptop, so I never really Are on my other computer.
I apologize.
I'm like I said, I'll get my other laptop back in a couple weeks case of Arab Spring
It was almost fifth generation warfare.
Arab Spring, he said.
Except it lacked a couple of the key elements.
We actually knew who the antagonists were.
In true fifth generation warfare, you do not know who your opponent is.
Ooh, wow.
He's got horses and a cross.
Who is responsible?
What is that?
For who's the puppet master?
behind the COVID crisis as we've experienced it.
Is that a, it looks like a chariot or a sled that has a cross in it and it's being pulled by horses.
That is a spooky ass tie.
Maybe it's not crosses.
Maybe it's a person holding it.
It looks an awful lot like a cross though.
So he's telling us about how the Arab Spring was almost fifth generation warfare, but right now we are in fifth generation warfare.
I'm just going to drop my head out and restart it so you can hear it.
In the case of Arab Spring, it was almost fifth generation warfare, except it lacked a couple of the key elements.
We actually knew who the antagonists were.
In true fifth generation warfare, you do not know who your opponent is.
Example, who is responsible for who's the puppet master
behind the COVID crisis as we've experienced it.
Who is it?
Anybody here know?
Was it Klaus?
No.
There's something above Klaus.
Was it Biden?
Was it Tony Fauci?
These are all surrogates, okay?
You don't really know who is managing the message that has been propagated on you.
That's fifth generation warfare.
Over the last three years, Western governments, non-governmental organizations, transnational organizations, pharmaceutical industry corporations, media and financial corporations have cooperated via public-private partnerships, which I assert is a euphemism for fascism, to deploy the most massive globally harmonized psychological and propaganda operation in the history of the world.
Okay, over the last three years, you have been subjected to the most massive, harmonized, globally-coordinated propaganda campaign in the history of the Western world, full stop.
Globally-coordinated propaganda campaign in the history of the Western world, full stop.
So would he be talking about the international COVID summit that was first in somewhere in Costa Rica or Florida or something like that, and then it moved somewhere else, then it went to Belgium, then it went to Romania, and it came to DC, it's gone all over the place, you know, like the same people getting promoted by the same people all the time.
Is that what he means by
An international, coordinated, never-before-seen level of malevolence?
Or does he really just mean on social media and TV?
What the clapping people believe is that he means on social media and TV and by the governments.
And that's what's so beautiful about fifth generation warfare, because it also requires people like Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Asim Malhotra, and random people like Sasha Latupova to coordinatedly lie on stage, internationally.
over several years in order to spread these ideas uniformly enough so that they won't be diluted incorrectly, that they can be controlled, that they can be amplified, that they can be reinforced by other people.
And those people who wittingly or unwittingly reinforced these ideas, some of them were co-opted, some of them were promoted a little bit, some of them were co-promoted, and now you see how this slowly built up.
But most of the time what you're watching are the cardinal players and their bots.
Cardinal players and their employees.
Cardinal players and the...
whatever military operations are running behind the scenes with regard to social media apps, those are coordinatedly deployed to make it seem like these people on social media are having a lot of reach and that everybody's engaging with them.
And that's just all nonsense.
It's an illusion.
and a very elaborate illusion that has been created over these four years to elevate someone like Robert Malone to a status of freedom fighter, given the extraordinary resume that he has to the contrary.
And that could only be done by fifth generation warfare.
That could only be done by careful curating of the narrative and pre-programming of social media to make sure that contradictory narratives couldn't reach threshold.
That's the only way to explain how someone with a resume so bad it belongs on black paper.
I mean, it's just, it's a sad, sad state of affairs when we have this level of obviousness available to us in the historical record and still the collective resistance to accepting it is extraordinary.
Let's let this genius continue.
With this campaign, the governments of many Western nation states have turned, okay, this is key, military-grade psychological operations strategies, tactics, technologies, and capabilities developed for modern military combat against their own citizens.
Now, interestingly, if there was a real virus that was really trackable, if there was a real virus that was really trackable, that was really novel, that was trackable, and that's it.
Listen carefully, ladies and gentlemen.
If there was a virus and it was novel and it was trackable, that's all you would need.
And so there would be no reason to have these multi-layered fifth generation level psychological operations, electronic psychological operations to be waged in order to protect the existence of something that existed.
That's ridiculous.
But that's exactly what he's saying here.
What he's saying to you is, is that RNA can pandemic.
but we needed to have fifth generation warfare unleashed on us in a way that it's never been unleashed before to make sure that we didn't doubt that RNA can pandemic.
It's actually a spectacular admission.
Why would we need to invest years of misleading the public?
And why would we need to invest billions of dollars in a coordinated multinational campaign to convince people that RNA can pandemic if it can pandemic?
Why?
Because anti-vaxxers are so smart?
Because there's a lot of grifters out there?
It's extraordinary.
Let's just listen to that again.
...for fascism to deploy the most massive globally harmonized psychological and propaganda operation in the history of the world.
Okay, over the last three years, you have been subjected to the most massive, harmonized, globally coordinated propaganda campaign in the history of the Western world, full stop.
Why would that be needed?
If there was a risk additive spreading pathogen that came from a laboratory and they were covering it up, why in the world would they need that?
They use that to cover up their mistake?
Think about how anti-1984 that is.
He shows the book, 1984, in the chain of his own book.
Yet, 1984, the theme of the book is that everybody in the world believes what's false.
Is this helping at all?
Can anybody see how absolutely absurd it is that we are allowing these people to get away with it at this point?
It is obvious that they work together with these weaponized piles of money to slowly but surely initiate the controlled demolition of the West.
It's not just America who's in danger.
It's all these traders in their own countries.
They are endangering all of us.
And they are getting us to turn on each other by design.
But they're not getting Nick to turn against me.
They're not getting Jessica to turn against me.
They're not getting Mark to turn against me.
Martin Neal's never going to turn against me.
Thomas Binder's never going to turn against me.
I would be willing to bet Michael Yeadon's never going to turn against me.
So we still have people that we know, maybe even Denny Rancor.
These are people all that I would put some chips on the table to say that they would back me.
At least say that I'm worth more worth listening to than some of these people.
And so there is a group of people that's building that understands that this illusion was created on purpose and it needs to be maintained and curated by people that would pretend to be on our team.
Otherwise the tug of war will be lost.
Otherwise we would have won the tug of war two years ago if it wasn't for these meddlers.
You have to see that.
They held us back.
They titrated our understanding so that the likelihood that the most people would go into the hog trap was created.
The most people would buy the conclusion that there was a lab leak.
That was their job.
And that we lied about it, and used fifth-generation warfare to lie about it.
With this campaign, the governments of many Western nation states have turned, OK, this is key, military-grade psychological operations strategies, tactics, technologies, and capabilities developed for modern military combat against their own citizens.
These are inconvenient facts.
The world that many of us believed
existed no longer exists if it ever did that's an announcement that's an announcement did you not hear that that's an announcement that is an announcement longer exists if it ever did that is an announcement ladies and gentlemen you can't hear anything else that is announcement
He's actually saying we have no hope.
Our children have no hope of going back to whatever sovereignty and freedom existed before, if it ever did.
Inconvenient facts.
The world that many of us believed existed no longer exists if it ever did.
I had no idea that it was this good.
So there's the full presentation.
We could watch that one today.
If I keep going down, I see Meryl Nass was also flown over for this interesting conference.
Cool.
So now we have Haseem Malhotra, Meryl Nass, and Robert Malone at the same conference in Sweden, talking about how there is this giant coordinated machine that's lying to you about, I guess, the dangers of gain-of-function coronaviruses?
Covering up a lab leak?
Because I don't know what else they're doing.
It couldn't possibly be that this giant machine of propaganda and military psyops would be convincing people of something that wasn't true.
That would be crazy, right?
Unless it's, you mean, wasn't true, like nature is not true, but LabLeak is.
It is mind boggling to think that in order to follow these people, you have to hold this very, very delicate,
model of the world in place where RNA can pandemic, but only sometimes.
And when it does, it's unfortunate.
Most of the time it's not natural, but boy, if people mess around in a lab, you can get this RNA molecule that just flies around for like years.
And that subtle biology, that's what they've used fifth generation warfare to hide from you.
They don't want you to know about gain of function, so they used fifth generation warfare to make you think that it was just a bad cave virus.
But then he puts 1984 up on there next to his book, not acknowledging that 1984 isn't about biowarfare and lying about it.
It's not about anything other than lying about everything so that people know nothing.
They know nothing that's true.
You know, like the opposite of what's true.
Like transfection saved a lot of people and RNA can pandemic versus transfection is criminally negligent and RNA can't pandemic.
What an interesting dichotomy for them to be holding up in 23, right?
So let's listen to Merrill Merrill here.
Let's listen to what Merrill's got to say.
Here's how I went from there.
I wonder if she'll say anything about the who.
I wonder.
I don't know.
She might also speak about biowarfare.
She's got a lot of expertise.
She's been speaking out a long time about the childhood vaccine schedule.
Let's see.
It didn't have to be the WHO.
This could have been done through the UN.
This could have been done in a lot of other ways.
But the WHO was selected as an easy way
to win this soft coup bloodlessly, no shots being fired, simply by writing a set of new amendments that completely changes the tenor of the existing international health regulations, which have been in existence since 1969.
And by creating a new pandemic treaty, which they keep changing the name of, so it's a pandemic accord or a pandemic instrument, the current health regulations has language which says, the implementation of these regulations shall be with full respect for the dignity, human rights and fundamental freedoms of persons.
That language has been removed from the new version.
So human rights and fundamental freedoms were taken out, as well as dignity.
These are words that have real legal meanings.
This is very critical.
Before the IHRs were recommendations, now they are binding.
They are to be enforced, and countries need to create enforcement mechanisms.
There is also to be enforced surveillance of people and of microorganisms.
So these are all very detailed descriptions of things that the WHO is doing that she purports to want to speak out against.
But there's a very simple message.
Here are the places you can find all the nasty things that the WHO is doing.
We need to pull all of our countries out of the WHO.
It's very simple.
If we allow the WHO to go on, then these bureaucracies that we're all a part of will have the excuse to follow the WHO's orders.
If we elect people who pull us out of the WHO,
This will all end.
It's a very simple explanation.
Alternatively, what I've said many times is that with all this mic time, Meryl Nass has ever been able to say that I come from America where this vaccine schedule that we give to the children is so scary that you can just compare it to another Western country and go, holy shit, what are they doing in America?
But somehow, no matter how many times she's in front of the camera, no matter how many times she's in front of a committee, no matter how many times she gets invited to be on a podcast, Mary Holland, Meryl Nass, they can never either summarize in the beginning or summarize in the end of their appearance what the real goal is.
which is to expose the vaccine schedule in America, in particular, has a criminal enterprise that is protected by a liability shield and has been grossly over-exaggerated in its effectiveness and in its necessity.
Why is it that Mary Holland, I get that they have an organization, I get that CHD tries to do things, and I get that a lot of people in CHD are doing things, but it's not Mary Holland and it's not Meryl Nass.
Because they are the ones who have the most time on the mic.
They are the ones who have the most time in front of a camera.
And so they have the most time to start out with the same message all the time like I do.
You would think at some point there would be, hey, welcome to the show.
This is Merrill Nass.
I've got my podcast.
And you're here again fighting the criminal vaccine schedule in America.
Welcome to the show.
Why do they pull semantic punches for years?
and not say strict liability is what we need to enforce on all pharmaceutical products.
Why don't they pull into their lexicon the idea that the CICP and the VICP are both violations of our Seventh Amendment right, and that it would only take one federal judge to flip that over and make the PREP Act essentially illegal or unconstitutional, and therefore, even if we stayed in the who, the who would have no legislative
backbone on which to build their declarations because we wouldn't have an emergency to declare.
Why isn't there one lawyer at CHD or one lawyer at ICANN at least taking that position?
Maybe there are other lawyers who think it's not the right time for a Seventh Amendment challenge, but there ought to be one lawyer saying that, that has some microphone, some of the time, one blog somewhere that says that, but there isn't.
Yet I challenge you, I challenge you to talk to a lawyer you know and present it very simply.
What happens when somebody in a state of the United States tries to sue Pfizer for damages from the transfection?
What happens is that state court or whatever court you take it to is gonna say that we cannot hear this trial because of the PREP Act.
And then you appeal it to the circuit.
And it only takes one appeal.
to be heard, and one circuit court to say, oh, well, you know, that's actually right.
You should be able to sue for the damages, and that is actually unconstitutional, and we're gonna strike the PREP Act.
Now, it might take 100 cases in 100 courts, in all the circuit courts that can be, and it might take a lot of time and energy and money to do it, but there are plenty of injured people,
And yet there isn't one non-profit that's taking that strategy.
The non-profit called the ICANN with Aaron Seery uses the CIP, CICP and the VICP.
So how could he ever speak out against them as a constitutional violation of our rights if he's also using those courts and advising people to use those courts and taking the pay from those courts that even when he loses, he gets paid.
The only place in the American legal system where that occurs, where a lawyer can bring a shitty case and still get paid for it because it's the VICP or it's the CICP.
These truths are never told by ICANN or by CHD or by Meryl Nass or Mary Holland as they kind of sort of tell you that the vaccines are bad, but can't succinctly say that if you compare the United States vaccine schedule and its lack of liability,
to the vaccine schedules in other Western countries, it's obviously criminal.
I'm gonna leave that right there.
And if you want me back on your show, let me know.
And then just kind of go off camera.
But they never do that.
There's never a mic drop about this stuff because it's health freedom and it's the who.
And they've got a million other ways to make it stupid complicated, which makes it very hard for the average person to decide if what they're saying is worth listening to.
That's why none of these people will ever say precisely, well, Jay at least gets it right.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is indeed dumb.
That's why Jessica Rose will never say, well, I wish Jay wasn't so combative, but I love this statement right here.
As an immunologist and computational biologist, virologist, whatever else she is,
She's never going to give me her immunologist seal of approval for teaching T-cells and whatever I did in 2020.
And now that's how you see it.
So I just got to keep playing this music and harmonizing with it until people realize that this barbershop quartet is only happening because it's the truth.
Only the truth can harmonize this well.
Only the truth can allow someone to just pull memories from his head and they all line up like one giant line of liars.
That is the only way that can happen.
The only way that something like this wouldn't have already ruined my family if it was based on truth and love and passion for what I believe America is and can be again.
That's where I'm coming from.
I'm fighting for my children, my son, who's going to be a high schooler next year.
I want to be able to knock down the doors of his school board and say, look, I mean, the reason why what's happening on TV is happening is because of me.
and now I want to help your biology program, or I want to help, you know, that's what I see happening in the next couple of years.
There's this critical mass that will occur among doctors and lawyers once they've all started to, a little bit of them have started to hear the truth for what it is.
which is that if we finally accept that the vaccine schedule of the 90s and the 2000s and the 2010s and the 2020s is a criminal enterprise in America, if we start to accept that in 2030, it will be because they designed it that way.
Because by 2030, we will also have accepted transfection as a much better and more improved, improved,
substitute for that unfortunately not perfect system that we had in place during the 90s and the 2000s.
That's the work of these people right now.
They want you to run out, they're running out the clock
on this narrative.
They're running out the clock on the previous public health system, the previous FDA and the CDC, because they're going to implode it.
They're going to make personalized medicine soon.
They're going to make digital IDs on the internet soon.
They're going to make everything permissions instead of, you know, sovereign rights.
In less than a year, I'm sure there's going to be people telling us we've got to open the Constitution so we can fix that broken document.
and probably be Meryl Nass.
Enforced censorship, enforced single narrative.
harmonization of regulation of vaccines and drugs.
Forced single narrative.
What do you think Asim Malhotra, Robert Malone, and Meryl Nass have been up to for the last four years, other than enforcing a single narrative about a mystery that we have to solve, which is likely due to a gain of function lab leak that Tony Fauci, Ralph Baric, and Peter Daszak are primarily responsible for?
So if you thought the way our vaccines and drugs are being regulated now and checking for safety and efficacy, they're trying to make that process pretty much go away.
Liability will go away for all of these products.
So when will these documents come into force?
when the secret was sorry the director general of who issues a uh this is what's going to happen this is what's going to happen this has already happened maybe the old world is never was never there in the first place combine these messages together and then ask what solutions has robert malone proposed what solutions has meryl nass proposed what solutions has chd proposed opposing censorship speaking out for free speech
Spending CHD money to defend Meryl Nass so that she doesn't lose her license in Northern Maine?
Defending retired doctors who have had their license taken away?
Really?
She still hasn't said strict liability would fix this problem.
She still hasn't said that the PREP Act struck by a Seventh Amendment
constitutional violation.
She hasn't said that we could just get out of the who.
She's taking 20 minutes to explain exactly how the who's going to get us and how little we can really do about it because they're so smart.
And if you believe a seam, then they've got this propaganda machine that they can unleash on you.
Boy, you got no chance.
You don't even know who it is.
Hell, according to Robert Malone, the world that you thought existed before probably didn't anyway.
I'll let her finish.
that there is a public health emergency of international concern.
He doesn't even need an emergency.
He needs a risk of a potential emergency.
And his powers can be continued after the emergency has been contained.
Interesting.
Interesting stuff there, Merrill.
Let's keep scrolling.
Most folks don't realize our country is only four missed meals away from Cape.
Darn it.
What is this?
Oh my gosh, Boingo.
See what happens when you click on these things?
You're going to this same media machine right away.
It just kind of sucks you in.
And you're like, wait, what, him again?
So there's the full presentation of Merrill that you could also find there.
Let's scroll down.
Jonathan Gilthorpe, research scientist, experimental neuroscience.
Wow.
Interesting.
Rolling review of the vaccine failure.
So shall we listen to this guy?
Tomorrow morning.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Oh, look at that guy.
Funny.
a large number of deaths and a large number of serious side effects in the Swedish population.
Swedish ones?
These three that I've highlighted in red are actually even more interesting because we have some very certain data that shows that both the importers of the drug and the manufacturer of the drug actually fraudulently certified what these batches were.
I'm not going to show that today.
And this is some data from Max Schmeling in Denmark looking at the data from the Eurovigilance European database.
And you see that these same three particularly bad batches had effects in many countries in deaths in the left and serious adverse events in the right.
So it's not just Sweden that was affected by these.
And if you total up all batches that were imported into Sweden before this authorization or good medical practice certification was in place, which you should have before you make a drug, not after, then it's about 878,000 doses in Sweden.
So 400,000 people have probably received these illicit medications.
That was it.
Oh, sorry.
I was thinking it was going to be longer.
Hey, guys, Donald Trump Jr.
here.
Let me ask you, does inflation feel worse than what we're being told?
Sorry.
So that was Jonathan Gilthorpe.
That's not very surprising.
They gave a mic to a person in Sweden so that it felt like a local guy was also getting his thing out there.
So that's interesting.
And then if we scroll down even farther, what is that?
Oh, that's his, his full thing.
Okay.
Then we go down and we see Alexandra Latipova.
Um, Sasha Latipova, who holds an MB degree, former pharmaceutical R and D executive.
She actually sold a company to Pfizer, um, that was built on, on, um, data that she got from, from, you know, like databases from Americans and, and created some algorithms that could help.
help screen people for medical trials or something like this.
And then she sold that company to Pfizer or whatever, it doesn't matter.
The interesting part about this woman that I have to be very careful about is that she's started to use this sort of weird language to refer to my referencing her daughter being featured
on Alex Jones in 2019.
And she seems very bent on making this seem as though this is an attack.
But actually, it's not an attack.
It's just stating the truth.
And actually, I have a great deal of
I don't know what other word to use, but pity for her daughter because at that time, of course, and all of this, you know, her daughter's history of being on YouTube and threatening the YouTube CEO and the hundreds and hundreds of hours of highly produced video that exist on the internet.
And that, you know, I've spent almost three terabytes of archiving to make sure that these things don't disappear because they're really important because I don't know
if how to refer to it other than kind of like it could be child abuse.
I feel very bad for her daughter because you should be protected from either making the mistake of producing this kind of material and so much of it when you're young, or even worse, it seems very, I feel very sad that maybe, you know, it was actively done, you know, like,
she used her daughter.
And if her daughter was still a minor when she went on Alex Jones, then she allowed Alex Jones to use her daughter, which really bothers me a lot as a parent.
And so I have nothing against her daughter.
Her daughter is probably brilliant, but I don't think that whatever all of those hundreds of hours of video are of her daughter when she was a minor could be considered evidence of
It just makes me really sad.
And so I don't, I don't want to, I don't want to really, I don't want to really engage in this person's, you know, I don't want to interact with this person anymore.
But it's very important to see that at some point in January of 2023, she was on stage with these people.
Right.
There she is in couple pictures where they're all on together as a panel and so I'm making the argument that if you combine the observation.
that Sasha was on their team in 2023 in January.
And you combine that observation with the fact that her minor daughter was already playing some weird role in this military operation before the pandemic, so much so that she willingly allowed Alex Jones to use her.
I'm just terrified here.
that now what seems to be very obvious to me is the only way that those two things add up to Sasha Latupova now supposedly being the most outspoken critic of Robert Malone.
Sometimes it's just, it's so dubious.
It's terrifying to me.
And it bothers me a lot that people don't really seem to see how weird that is.
If I had a, a minor, my son, you know, like was making crazy high produced videos about crazy controversial topics and, and, and they were hyper edited with all kinds of, of drop in images and some random voices in the background, having a conversation with him.
And, and then he was featured on Alex Jones.
And you thought that that meant that I was probably a bad guy.
Now I wouldn't blame you.
And so the idea is very simple.
There is a collective, small group of individuals that is performing an act for us on behalf of this national security operation.
And the act is composed of people who pretend to oppose each other.
Some of them have sued each other.
Some of them have outed each other by linking one in one substack to the other person's 60 minutes video, or linking to the other person's substack saying, look, this person's bad, bad, bad.
And it's this little coordinated group of harmonizing opposition that any time that you start to identify one of them, they say, oh, you shouldn't divide everybody.
But otherwise they're happy to fight with each other.
It's okay if Sasha opposes Robert Malone and Robert Malone says she's a bad guy, but nobody ever tells Sasha not to divide because Sasha doesn't really attack Robert Malone.
Robert Malone just says she's bad.
Robert Malone being a big deal about it on the Steve Kirsch podcast that boy, you better not mention that lady.
I should play that video here because that one is hilarious.
That is as fake as it gets.
I think that's what we need to do here rather than listen to this, because I'm just afraid at this point, given the fact of how apparently she treated her minor daughter, I don't know what kind of things a person like this would resort to.
in her role here.
I don't know how they'll use her, but I am legitimately scared of her.
So I don't answer substack comments.
I don't pay attention to her anymore because I think she's dangerous to my family.
And I think the evidence of it is the hundreds of hours of videos of her minor daughter and trying to explain how that could be just a smart kid.
that's what she wants you to believe as she tries to remind you she's 19 now don't forget she's 19 now oh boy let's look at that i'm gonna see if i can get that video because i think that's actually gonna make me feel better than than watching anything of of her and i feel safer if i do that actually um
Let's see how I find this.
I go on Rumble, I guess.
And I'm going to look for the VRSF.
V-S-R-F?
Is that what it's called?
No.
Vaccine Safety Research Foundation?
Isn't that what it's called?
Yeah, right?
Yes.
And so then we just have to go down until we find Robert Malone.
V-S-R-F.
Malone.
And that one was 21 days ago.
I think that's it.
That's the right one.
This is going to be awesome.
And so the underlying logic.
OK, so let's check this one out.
OK, so just to make sure, if you want to check this out yourself, I already put it in the chat, I believe.
Let me just look back again.
If you scroll back in the chat, I believe I put this in the chat already.
Is that right?
Yes, I did.
No, I didn't.
Where is it?
Shit, I can't find it.
I scrolled all the way to the top.
I don't see it.
Oh, maybe the top's not available anymore.
So let me put it in the chat one more time first, to make sure that everybody can, if they want to archive these videos, download them and watch them for yourself and understand.
For example, let me just give you an example.
There is a Sasha Latupova video from two days ago with Shannon Joy.
And you can compare what she says in that video to what she says in this video.
And so in this video, she has a very specific message because she stepped in front of Craig Pardecoper, and she stepped in front of Catherine Watt.
And so she gives you this, this sort of version, the convenient version, the narrative version of their message that fits in with Robert Malone and Meryl Nassen and Asim Malhotra's message.
Don't think for a second that these people haven't coordinated their presentations.
I mean, travel to Sweden and not talk about what you're going to talk about and agree.
So if Sasha Latapova knew what she knew apparently on Shannon Joy two days ago, why didn't she say it here in January of 2023?
And if you compare how so many of the talking points that she just used on Shannon Joy two days ago are actually lifted right from our own work, including Gain of Function as a Mythology, word for word,
It becomes really weird that somebody like her is also actively engaged in trying to make it seem like mentioning that her minor daughter has produced hundreds of hours of very disruptive, disturbing videos on YouTube.
and that was featured on Alex Jones, who cannot be denied as part of this military operation.
Who takes Alex Jones seriously?
Then you should stop subscribing and you should stop watching immediately because that is the most obvious controlled op of all of them.
I don't even understand why anybody would take them seriously.
So the comedy that is contained in the fact that within the last month and a half, Bret Weinstein
and Robert Malone have appeared on Alex Jones, who also hosted the daughter of Sasha Latapova no more than, no less than two times, maybe three times in 2019 to hype the hundreds of hours of content that she had created as a minor, presumably with the blessed of her mom and dad.
And I don't know who was helping her.
I don't know who did all that work.
It couldn't have only been her.
I think she's a high schooler, right?
She's got school to go to.
She probably has social life.
So I don't know how what looks like hours and hours of work could be produced like that.
I mean, we're talking about thousands of editing hours.
Just try, just how could I have a hard drive full of these videos if there wasn't also somebody who put in thousands of hours of editing?
Nevermind the filming and recording part.
Nevermind the research that went into making these machine gun speed videos when she was a minor, before the pandemic.
But we're supposed to believe that her mom is now a whistle-blowing retired pharma exec.
Stop lying!
Okay, did I find it?
Yeah, I found it, right?
I found the video and then I was gonna bring it over here, right?
Or what?
Where is it?
Oh yeah, here it is.
So let's bring this up over here.
Oh, yeah, that's the wrong screen.
I'm going to go like, uh, what do I have to do with this one?
Yeah.
And no, I have to do this one.
What is going on here?
Oh, there.
Sorry.
My bad.
So I got to bring it up here.
Yes.
Right here.
Okay.
So this, we're going to watch this video because I think this is more instructive.
So what I'm going to watch, what I want you to see in this video, why I bring up this video is because this is from, this is from, yeah, you can donate to the multimillionaire serial entrepreneur, Steve Kirsch's foundation, if you want to think about how sad that is.
Like he's supposed to be saving us.
This was on May 2nd.
Okay, so May 2nd.
Where are we now?
We're May 23rd.
This is 20, 21 days ago.
Oh, and I didn't hit enter here.
Sorry.
There's the thing that you can do it.
Hey Leo, good to see you.
Leo, I want to have you on my show, man.
I think it would be a great conversation.
I'm going to have a campfire and a beer and we'll just hang out.
I think I would really like to have a long conversation with you, so let's set that up.
Let's see if we can get something out of this.
Get my head out of the way for just a second so I can select the start.
So now we'll play this video because it's just hilarious that this is the way they start.
These two guys, this is his host who probably gets paid a nice salary from the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
Steve Kirsch probably doesn't take a salary because he's such a, he's sacrificing everything, you know, but he pays a lot of other people to help him edit these things and post them and whatever.
do the social media of it and so we're gonna start this video right here and um the the lead-in is that apparently Livio Sanchez and Steve Kirsch were talking about Sasha Latapova while Robert Malone had his had his headphones on already and they didn't know that he was listening.
Let me say that again.
At the start of this thing, when they were playing all these videos and stuff behind the scenes or backstage, if you will, online, Livio and Steve were talking about Sasha Latupova.
And Robert Malone supposedly heard them talking about it.
And so when they start the podcast, Robert Malone is going to immediately address this problem and make sure that Livio understands what's up.
And my argument is, ladies and gentlemen, that in fifth generation warfare, what you are seeing here is the brick wall.
Because Robert Malone, because he was on stage no later than January of 2000, right?
I can bring this over here and show you this too, right?
I can put this up here.
And I can bring this up here and I can show you, I can scroll down and I can show you that these four people were on stage together in January of 2023.
And in order to control the narrative that is spinning out of control because I'm telling the truth and Jessica Hockett is asking the right questions and Mark Kulak is asking the right questions.
These people have decided that Robert Malone needs to have some more bad guys and some more people to oppose.
And so they have staged the idea
that Sasha Latapova, who internationally travels with them with the fancy microphones and stands on stage in Sweden, not a cheap place to go.
Not something that you would organize with just four people that you kinda trust.
And now we're supposed to believe, according to Robert Malone, that they are in a fight.
So let's listen.
Blew my mind.
It was put up by the US Army and I'm gonna bring him on after I show this three and a half minute video that he shared.
So, and then I wanna get his take on where we're at with fifth generation warfare with you guys.
So I'm gonna play this first and then we'll bring them on immediately after this video.
Here we go.
I love, this video has been played so many times.
I just want you to see that they still play it.
And they play it, they play it very unironically as if the, this would never be used to lie to us.
It's just used to hide things.
And that's very different.
They lie to us about biological weapons.
They would never convince us of them when they didn't exist.
This woman.
Wolves hiding nearby
whispering do or die around me you say
It couldn't possibly be Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone waging war on America with the help of Brett Weinstein.
It couldn't be that.
It's soldiers you can't see dropping letters in places where you don't live.
The target of psychological warfare is against the enemy's mind.
It is words and ideas.
Ammunition used by Psi-War.
Anything we touch.
They show a podcaster.
They show somebody painting.
Its mission is to influence the thoughts of the enemy soldiers.
And at the same time, is expected and encouraged to study foreign languages and the social sciences such as history, economics, and sociology.
He must have a broad and sympathetic understanding of all phases of human experience.
But the use of this force as an integral part of combat has now taken on new form.
Just not on podcasts.
They're not on podcasts.
They're everywhere, but they're not on Bros with Shows.
Wouldn't be there, no.
Not on Bros with Shows.
They're everywhere else.
These are the Psi-War Soldiers.
Who?
You mean the next people to show up on the screen are the Psi-War Soldiers?
Overwhelmingly powerful.
Here we go.
Here comes the act.
So you'll have to unmute yourself in order to speak.
I muted you before.
Are you ready?
Thank you for coming on, sir.
Hello, Mr. Sanchez.
I did catch your comments regarding such a lot of POVA right before the segment went live.
I really don't appreciate that.
Thanks.
OK, yeah, sorry about that.
I, you know, if you're going to cite things that you've asserted that I've said, please cite where you got that information and provide context.
Sure.
I was I was citing the comment from her letter, her open letter.
Yeah.
And the video that has been extremely rude to me, attacked me multiple times.
What did she call you?
It many people know the language she's used is way, way over the top.
OK, so let's just have a little bit of context and take a deep breath.
Sure, yeah.
I'm subjected to harassment by her and her colleagues on a daily basis.
Oh, it's so painful.
They have been for at least three years.
They're outside of my farm.
They're messing with my horses.
This is another aspect of psychological warfare.
Great.
Well, I would, I would love to get into that with you and Steve.
So Sasha is engaged in psychological warfare.
Sasha's a bad guy.
She infiltrated his, his conference in 2023.
Then that's the only conclusion to come to that.
He promoted somebody who's a saboteur.
And I made the mistake of putting her on stage with me in, in 2023, but he hasn't come to that conclusion.
How does he know?
Not at all.
In fact, he doesn't want you to think about the fact that they were on stage.
Because if you do, you might not believe this.
Like they traveled all the way to Sweden together, but they couldn't make a phone call and fix this?
Don't you see?
They're losing bad now.
They don't realize that I spend my whole day listening to their lies, waiting to catch them.
Because as Mark Twain said, if you just tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Oh my goodness, this is hilarious.
This episode came out on the 2nd of May this month, my friend.
The 2nd of May this month.
I want to enjoy it again, it's so tasty.
It is just so tasty.
Let's listen to the end of this video because it actually says the truth too.
Ow!
I'm so sorry that happened.
That probably got you in trouble at work.
I forgot that I was controlling that.
It's like an overloading video there.
I don't know why.
Listen.
These are the psi war soldiers These are the psi war soldiers and then who comes on screen Still Overwhelmingly powerful.
Welcome to VSRF live.
Dr. Malone.
You are muted So you'll have to unmute yourself in order to speak.
I muted you before Thank you for coming on, sir Hello, mr. Sanchez, I did catch your comments regarding such a lot of POVA right before the
Um, segment went live.
I really don't appreciate that.
Thanks.
Did Steve already know he was going to say it?
Why Steve smiling?
Shouldn't he be surprised that Robert's pissed?
Are they really this bad at it?
Have we really caught them now?
This is really the brick wall here.
Look at this.
Oh my gosh.
Shouldn't he be like, wait, what?
Why is he pissed?
I didn't, I didn't mean, I'm sorry, Robert.
Why, why are you angry?
Look, look, if you cannot see it, you must look harder.
Open your eyes.
It's right there.
These are the Psywar soldiers.
Still overwhelmingly powerful.
Welcome to VSRF Live, Dr. Malone.
You are muted, so you have to unmute yourself in order to speak.
I muted you before.
Thank you for coming on, sir.
Hello, Mr. Sanchez.
I did catch your comments regarding such a lot of POVA right before the segment went live.
I really don't appreciate that.
Thanks.
Okay.
Yeah.
Sorry about that.
Um, I, uh, you know, if you're going to cite things that you've asserted that I've said, please cite where you got that information and provide context.
Sure.
I was, I was citing the comment from her letter, her open letter.
Um, and the video that has been extremely rude to me, attacked me multiple times.
Many people note the language she's used is way, way over the top.
Okay, so let's just have a little bit of context and take a deep breath.
I'm subjected to harassment by her and her colleagues on a daily basis and have been for at least three years now.
This is another aspect of psychological warfare.
Great.
Well, I would, I'd love to get into that with you and Steve.
And I was just referencing, I didn't know actually, to be quite honest.
You shouldn't be repeating stuff if you don't know.
I'm going to be really blunt.
I'm sick and tired of being harassed by these people.
Right.
Well, what I was... The claims that are unfounded on a daily basis.
And they, they seem to be obsessed with trying to delegitimize me.
It's extremely tiresome, highly counterproductive.
And I'm surprised you mentioned this particular video.
Did he say three years?
You ought to watch the one from Mickey Willis that I usually show.
It's streamed on a daily basis.
And they seem to be obsessed with trying to delegitimize me.
It's extremely tiresome, highly counterproductive.
And I'm surprised you mentioned this particular video.
Uh, you ought to watch the one from Mickey Willis that I usually show.
Great.
Well, I would, I would love to get into that with you and Steve.
And I was just referencing, I didn't know, actually, to be quite honest, you shouldn't be repeating stuff.
If you don't know, I I'm going to be really blunt.
I'm sick and tired of being harassed by these people.
Right.
Well, what I was the claims that are unfounded on a daily basis.
And they seem to be obsessed with trying to delegitimize me.
It's extremely tiresome, highly counterproductive.
And I'm surprised you mentioned this particular video.
You ought to watch the one from Mickey Willis that I usually show along the same lines that talks about
the damage that's caused by this assertion that's widespread now, it's really spread out against a bunch of people, that they are, quote, controlled opposition, a misrepresentation which Ms.
Zlatopova likes to recite repeatedly.
Right.
And I and I understand where you're completely understand where you're coming.
And so Sasha Latipova is accusing Robert Malone of being a controlled opposition.
But actually, it's just Sasha Latipova who's a controlled opposition.
And this controlled opposition has been after Robert Malone for three years.
Stop lying.
This is what the fifth generation warfare actually looks like.
And now, because we've pushed ourselves so close to the brick wall, this is all they've got.
There are no more actors to bring on stage that they can trust.
And so they had to manufacture something with Robert Malone and Sasha Latupova.
They had to put somebody there so that you wouldn't listen to me, or you wouldn't listen to Mark, or you wouldn't listen to Jessica Hockett, but there would still be somebody saying, Robert Malone bad, apparently.
This is as pathetic as it is at this stage.
If you still believe in the Cywar people that are on these screens,
Maybe you're just one of those people who's never going to see it.
Maybe it is indeed too complicated.
Maybe their lies are too convoluted.
Maybe it's possible that some people just won't see it.
But I believe right now we are at a crucial point in their narrative control arc, where they have made some key fumbles.
And if you just look at those fumbles and say, wait a minute, what happened here?
How do we explain 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024 with these people and their ideas?
Knowing, knowing that I've met all of them in person.
Many of them have been on my stream in 2021 or 2022 before eventually deciding that I needed to be ignored.
Jessica Rose, Mary Talley Bowden, these people have been on my show.
Steve Kirsch, I was in his steering committee for a long time teaching these ideas.
I've met him in person.
I've met Robert Malone on Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's podcast and then nine days later at the inaugural CHD conference where he told me that he didn't remember me and pulled his hand away in horror.
I met Jay Bhattacharya in 2022 and 2023 and this year in 2024.
And he consistently tells me that he's an economist and he's not a biologist, so he can't evaluate the biology that I teach, but he really loves my passion.
He just wishes I wouldn't attack people so much and I should stop attacking Robert Malone.
I just tweeted about it today, because I'm just not going to lie anymore.
And if they're going to get rid of me or ruin my family or kill me,
I don't think they can do that, but if they somehow manage to quiet me, then I gotta tell the truth while I can.
And so whether Jay is wittingly or unwittingly participating, think of it this way.
Jay Bhattacharya met me at least a year before he started his Illusion of Consensus blog.
He started his Illusion of Consensus blog, not with an American, but with a Canadian.
And that Canadian was introduced to us in America by none other than Brett Weinstein on his Dark Horse podcast.
to announce the start of a podcast called The Illusion of Consensus to be done with Jay Bhattacharya, who met me a year earlier and told me he loves my show, but he's an economist and he can't evaluate the biology that I teach.
But wow, I've learned a lot from you.
And that's why I have multiple photographs with me and Jay Bhattacharya in multiple places on the West Coast over multiple years.
And still, what?
Jay Bhattacharya was on my show, but he couldn't consider the possibility they might've lied about it.
It just wasn't even a, we wouldn't even go there.
Just like Peter McCullough wouldn't even go there.
He was also on my show.
So yeah, I'm attacking everybody, but I'm only attacking the people that I've interacted with and that have lied to my face.
And I'm only trying to point out that these people are being paid to lie to all of our faces in concert, like a devilish barbershop quartet.
It is a lollapalooza of liars, and it doesn't matter what stage you go to.
If you go to Sweden and the conference about pandemic lessons and consequences, or whether you go to the conference in Romania, or whether you go to the International COVID Summit, or whether you go to a VSRF meeting, or you go to a CHD conference and you'll see James Lyons Weiler, the guy who first identified the fear and cleavage site in February, 2020,
even though he's nobody.
You'll see Sabine Hazan, who will tell you that ivermectin will make the bifidobacteria in your gut grow.
And her claim to fame is that she sequenced the virus in the gut.
So the virus definitely exists.
They'll give the stage to some other people, but they won't promote them because their message is that the vaccine schedule sucks.
Their message is that the vaccine schedule damages a lot more people than they admit.
Those messages never seem to rise to the top.
It's just rise and resist, people over profits, truth over lies, courage over fear, but nothing specific.
Health, freedom, big top, you know, that thing.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think it's time to make a little short summary here of what we have learned.
And I think what we've learned is that there was a military operation that was executed upon us, and we cannot understand it in the limited way that James Giordano has been spreading around the internet since 2015.
We have to understand his presentation and those like it as brochure-like presentations, which only scratch the surface of the actual operation that was executed upon us.
And in reality, a better document to look at, a better narrative to look at is the SPARS pandemic document, where in the 40s and 50s, meaning the pages of the 40s and the 50s of that document, you can find the description of how the post-pandemic narrative of the vaccine not being perfect can be orchestrated by social media influencers like someone called EpiGirl.
And there wasn't just one EpiGirl in this operation.
That was what was featured in the brochure document.
There were hundreds of them.
And the ones that rose, the ones that got a following, the ones that people liked, it was essentially a great big audition process.
And the ones that passed the muster rose up in the social media.
And there weren't very many people that needed to be co-opted.
Besides Pierre Cory, who did they really need to co-opt?
Besides Peter McCullough, who is really saying that the vaccine schedule is crap.
They just have to keep that gun to his head to make sure that he repeats that there is COVID.
And then they allow him to say the stuff they eventually know they're going to say, which is that the old vaccine schedule needs replacing by a new one.
And we're going to admit that that one wasn't great, but this one's better.
And so in a lot of ways, you can still see what I think is Peter McCullough helping that narrative be titrated slowly enough so that by the time we realize it, we will also have accepted transfection and transformation as an obvious replacement for this kind of barbaric thing we were doing before.
And of course, that's also the role that somebody like Marc Giraudeau plays when he goes on Campbell's podcast, which we watched a couple weeks ago or a week ago.
And he talks about the bolus effect and how intramuscular injection just goes wrong a certain amount of times.
It's all part of muddying the water so that over the next three or four years, as they slowly allow people to realize that the American vaccine schedule is wholly a criminal enterprise and it's obvious just on its face.
They need to slow roll us to accepting the things that they want to accept along with that capitulation.
That's gonna be the magic, right?
Wow, I can't believe the NIH and the CDC finally admitted that there was vaccine injury.
I can't believe they're finally doing randomized control trials.
Gee, it's so lucky that we got Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in the White House, isn't it?
Otherwise this new vaccine schedule would never even be happening and we'd never really be doing it, testing it right.
But thank goodness we got him in there.
That's the best case scenario right now.
The worst case scenario is something with Trump, right?
Or something else even we don't even know yet.
And so my argument is, is that you can see these people because they promote each other on social media and they're becoming increasingly more desperate because now the people that were on stage
in 2023 and traveling the world together are now pretending to be opposition.
And now Sasha Latapova, after four years, finally just says there was no pandemic.
It was the DOD and they poisoned people in the water.
But she didn't say that for four years, right?
Before that, she was stepping in front of Craig Particopa saying there were doses, then stepping in front of Catherine Watt, who has a very detailed legal and hierarchical description of the various agencies that were all probably involved with traders to instigate the pandemic and to
fool the DOD or co-opt the DOD into going along with an executive branch plan.
It's a pretty complicated thing to explain that Catherine Watt has been doing for a long time very well in her sub-stack and then instead now we have Sasha Latapova, the representative of Catherine Watt, saying it's pretty simple, it was the DOD and DARPA.
But the reality of DARPA, which is pretty funny, is that anybody who says they know what happens in DARPA is lying because either you don't know or you know that it's classified and you have knowledge that you could never say.
And the same person, Sasha Latupovits, doesn't seem like the CIA or the FBI or even in her lexicon.
the Mossad or any of these other intelligence agencies from around the world like MI6, they're not in her lexicon at all.
The explanation is very simple.
The DOD killed Americans.
And so once you see it for what it is, you know, remember, don't forget Robert Malone started this whole charade with I work for DITRA and the DOD referred to as we.
So this is an orchestrated group of clowns that's pretending to throw water balloons at each other and get mad that you stole my seat.
You stole the chair out from underneath me.
Ooh, I fell down.
You're so mean.
You use bad words.
And the crazy thing is, is that it's all breaking down because these people are now revealing their connections.
Why would Jessica Rose,
reply to Charles Rixey on Twitter about Jay, who's defaming Meryl Nass for saying that she doesn't talk about the PrEP Act.
Here's an example.
She talks about the PrEP Act in her social media substack.
She talked about it on stage in Sweden, kinda, or maybe not.
I haven't watched the video yet.
That's not the statement that I'm making in the video that she's replying to here though.
Rixie tweeted a video where I called him and Jessica Rose and Walter Chestnut and Kevin McCarran and Kevin McKernan and all these people out on the fact that they called the spike protein in 2020.
They were focused on a gain of function protein in 2020 and that's weird.
That's what that video is about.
I don't mention the PREP Act until the very, very end when I'm talking about all these other things that are also relevant.
But she ignores the fact that what she gets called out on in that video, Jessica Rose herself, is that she was on the spike protein from the very beginning.
And she instead ignores that part of the video and goes to defend Meryl Nass instead.
And Charles Rixey says, yeah, that's correct.
However, he didn't do any due diligence on any of us, despite knowing us.
How do I know you, Charles Rixey?
That's because you came to my house and stayed overnight to get me to put you on my stream and talk about the diffuse proposal.
That's how I know that you're a liar.
Because I've been in multiple Zoom meetings working on Bobby's book before you got fired.
That's how I know you're a liar.
You're a traitor.
I have real experience with you.
I'm not making stuff up.
I wouldn't attack Charles Rixey if I hadn't had all the interactions that I had, that if he hadn't come to my house and lied to me, if he hadn't been in multiple Zoom meetings with regard to
Robert F. Kennedy's book, The Wuhan Cover-Up, and had nothing but to repeat over and over again.
Well, I got this Excel sheet if you guys want to use it.
We were hired to insert citations in places of the book that needed citations.
And his work that he did was to distribute a Excel sheet to these people that we were working for.
I don't even know if he ever added a single citation.
I don't know if he ever changed a single word.
before at some point, during one of these confidential meetings about the book, he turned his laptop to show that in the same hotel room was sitting Kevin McCairn.
And now lucky for me, there were some good people in CHD who saw immediately what in the hell is that?
And they advocated for him to get fired and he got fired.
And now he will tell the story for the last three years, interfering with my family by telling lies about me, that I somehow sabotaged him.
He got fired because he put some meddler on screen in a meeting that was supposed to be governed by non-disclosure agreement.
And it turned out to be somebody who says, you know, that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is part of the Epstein network.
And so I guess that's kind of inconvenient, right?
When you're working for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
to have somebody that says it's the Jews and stuff like that all the time in a Zoom meeting.
And it couldn't, it couldn't, it was Cooey that got me fired.
It was definitely Cooey.
It wasn't McCairn.
And this is going on in 2024 where Jessica Rose, who apparently thinks I'm really smart because we can go to Rumble and we can listen to a video from St.
Patrick's Day in 2023, March.
where I present the idea that infectious clones could be used to create the illusion of a pandemic with a very high fidelity PCR signal.
And she said that after she heard my explanation about the mixed tape, it kept her up all night because it explains everything.
And then suddenly after that podcast, I guess it wasn't that big a deal anymore.
It's not a really impressive idea.
And you know, too bad JJ is not giving Merrill Nass credit for talking about the PrEP act.
What a dick.
I find it very funny also that Jiki says he does make some actually valid points, but it's not necessary to disparage all those people in the process.
So what actually valid points do you think that Jiki thinks I make?
Like you mean that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb?
Or were you referring to transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and that hundreds of thousands of academic biologists should know better?
Or maybe you're referring to the fact that RNA can't really pandemic unless we know, we don't know some biology out there that I'm unaware of.
What are my good points?
Tracking the disappearance of the, is not the solution to the government propaganda?
Epitopes were responsible.
You mean the epitopes that Kevin McKernan described to us yesterday on the 24th of April, 2020, that we never bothered to delineate and keep track of?
And then when those epitopes mutated, the state narrative was that COVID doesn't have scary epitopes.
I don't remember this.
Is that what they told you in Australia?
because it's likely that your Lollapalooza of lies was different than our Lollapalooza of lies.
And so it's possible that you've been led to believe that that was the narrative that we were told in America, but that's not it.
We were told that lots of people were dying in New York City and that it was pulse ox and supplementary oxygen that we were running out of.
by people that I allege are part of the actual national security narrative control that is responsible for all of this.
And the fact that some of her postdoc work that she claims are actually postdoctoral degrees were funded by NATO funds.
The fact that she's not an American, but has spoken in front of the Senate.
The fact that she's not an American, but has toured with Robert Malone for four years, along with Pierre Kory and Meryl Nass, and some of these other people,
And that specifically, specifically, she was in this place in Romania when everybody heard from Nick Hudson and everybody heard from, from Denny Rancor and all of them didn't spread the word.
And in fact, they didn't even invite him to the Senate when they could have spoke.
Instead, they invited him to Romania and then they invited other people to the Senate, not Denny Rancor, nor Nick Hudson.
They didn't even promote them afterward.
because a limited spectrum of debate is being curated by these people.
And the presuppositions of the system are reinforced by them.
That's why Robert Malone will never question the lab leak.
That's why Robert Malone has been, his resume shows he's been part of this system for decades.
And that's why, honestly, I think CHD, despite all the good people in it, has been unable to score any real touchdowns because they have been sabotaged from the inside in the highest levels.
made to ask questions that aren't quite right and to advocate for a health freedom big top tent instead of just, you know, let's get rid of the vaccine schedule in America first.
Then we'll talk about health and nutrition freedom and all this other stuff because they all, it'll all be one big landslide.
They don't see that that way.
In fact, they're very careful not to create a landslide.
And that's why this podcast existed.
that we watched yesterday.
The organized habits and opinions of the masses are being curated by these people in a very orchestrated fashion from the very beginning.
That's why the only thing they have left is to attribute bad motives to people who disagree with them, who can explain the biology with enough subtlety to both undermine the simpleton position of no virus and also undermine the high fidelity nonsense that Kevin McKernan talks about.
His only solution is to say nobody likes him.
Ladies and gentlemen, they have removed our ability to exercise informed consent through a chorus of liars.
And it has always been their job to prevent us from exercising informed consent, which includes the word no.
And they don't want your children to grow up in a world where they think they have the sovereignty over their bodies to say no.
to say no to testing at university, to say no to a vaccine mandate at university, we need to empower them to know that they have the sovereignty to say no.
You don't need to take an HPV vaccine just because your university recommends it, or your high school, or your middle school, but none of these people are there to empower you.
None of these appearances on Paul Cuttrell
were meant to empower you.
Just like three years later, Meryl Nass is not meant to empower American citizens to take back America.
It's not meant to do that.
It is meant to be a slow roll announcement of what is inevitably going to be the enslavement of our children and our grandchildren.
And that's why Mary Holland tells the same story that Meryl Nass tells that Robert Malone told to Paul Cottrell in 2021.
Because this is a story about gain-of-function viruses that come from bat caves, that come from cell culture, that come from animal passage, that come from genetics.
This is a story about selling books that will make people believe that the worst-case scenario is a gain-of-function bioweapon.
And they have put stooges already in place a decade ago, like Ralph Baric, to tell you that the progress of molecular biology is such that we really need to be afraid of rogue actors who are going to make these viruses and release them from their garage, like Robert Malone told so eloquently to a sub-parliament meeting in the UK about a half a year ago.
And so I'm making the argument that the biosecurity state that everybody agrees is responsible for this, is would be more than willing to spend a few decades and a few billion dollars, if not trillions of dollars, to seed a narrative of pandemic potential that exists in RNA viruses that does not exist.
And through a very careful curation of our history with these things, including SARS-1 and MERS,
They have created an illusion and a supporting academic field that suggests that pandemic potential is possible in flu and in coronaviruses, and they have a few guys around the world working on this stuff.
They then seeded the beginning of the pandemic with mass casualty events and misconstrued the bonus parts of those mass casualty events as a spreading risk additive pathogen.
And the way that they did that was both on social media and on TV overtly and covertly with people behind the scenes that would engage in a limited spectrum of debate that would slow roll everybody into thinking that there was a mystery to solve.
I think these people are covering something up.
I think that they're covering up something for a mistake that they made.
And at the same time, there were people on the internet like Epigirl,
that were telling us that, wow, this spike protein is really interesting.
It's got a lot of stuff in it.
And Raccoon Commander saying it's amyloidogenic.
I mean, neuro COVID, I've been saying that from the very beginning.
That's because you were part of the team worst case scenario that was designed to conflate the effects of a gain of function spike protein with the expected downsides of transfection and transformation in a mass number of people.
You gotta cover all your bases, because the worst case scenario might be mass prion disease, so we might as well seed that as part of the gain-of-function narrative, so if it does happen to happen in small places for whatever reason, we'll already have a pre-existing explanation for it.
And by the end, college kids will have accepted that the CDC is being honest, because at least they pulled the J&J, and at least they're being honest that the shot was contaminated, and so now I trust them for all future recommendations, and everybody loses.
And this is how they did it, right?
They pretended.
It's pretending.
Oh, that's not playing anymore, so I got to escape.
Sometimes it gets too far into the slide deck, and then it needs to refresh its memory.
And so they did it through faking.
They asked the wrong questions, and they agreed to argue about them.
That's why Pierre Cory has agreed to argue about ivermectin for this long.
That's why so many of these people have agreed to argue about ivermectin so long.
That's why Stephen Hatfield is writing a book about hydroxychloroquine, because it's part of this, you know, we're doing something.
We're standing up for you.
We're patriots.
But reality, they're just faking stopping a train.
They're faking their patriotism just the way this guy is faking stopping and starting that train.
It looks good.
It sounds great.
Their suits are right.
Obviously people on social media are paying attention to them.
I don't get on Beck.
I don't get on Tucker Carlson.
Alex Jones doesn't want to talk to me.
So obviously these people are really, really fighting for us.
Wow, that's awesome.
And that's how a Scooby-Doo mystery, which was essentially a cartoon representation of a biological impossibility, has been misconstrued to the extent to which it has now become mainstream media's story.
How did COVID start?
And that's the who's responsible is what we have to worry about.
And that's what his job was all along.
That's why he didn't save anyone in America.
Nobody.
No old people, no 50-year-olds, probably no college kids.
Remember, I got that nice video on YouTube of him on the beach.
It is the spread of dangerous ideas, ladies and gentlemen.
That's what fifth-generation warfare is.
It is the coordinated spreading of bad ideas on social media that is fifth-generation warfare at this time.
And these people who have spread these bad ideas are coordinating their blocking, they're coordinating their message, they're titrating their message, and they're hyper-focusing their message.
Whatever they do, they avoid asking the very simple question of, what happened then?
And the very simple answer that is, well, they murdered people.
Think about how effective the no virus people would have been from New Zealand and all their, you know, think about how fancy Sam Bailey could have done it if she would have just said, gain of function is a mythology and America is killing people in order to lie about it.
because she knew there was no virus.
She knew that the PCR was fake in 2000, at the beginning of 2021, because at the end of 2020, I was trying to get an interview with her and she was pregnant.
So she knew already at that time, the PCR was bullshit and they were lying and whatever.
So the next step of that would have been, I assume in 2021, at some point she would have realized, wow, then they must've killed all these Americans and they're lying to the world about it so that we all buy gain of function.
I don't know, it just always was about isolation and purification and viral culture being a lie.
And that's how the Sam Bailey and Mark Bailey and Tom Cowan and Christine Massey and Alex Arnott.
Andy Kaufman have avoided saying that fear, uncertainty, and doubt led to murder, that do not resuscitate orders were murder, that overuse of pulse oximeters and pure oxygen as supplementary treatment for COVID might have been murder.
They haven't talked about how the ventilators were murder, especially when they ventilated people who could talk.
They're not talking about the lack of antibiotic use being murder when people have bacterial pneumonia and are sent back to their care homes on dexamethasone as Robert Malone explained so eloquently to Paul Cattrall in 2021.
The poor use of steroids, huh?
Exactly, Robert Malone.
Remdesivir and midazolam, they sometimes touch them, but not really to say that it was murder, and that that murder is used to cover up the lie of gain of function.
They definitely aren't aware that like 500,000 Americans were killed in four years by the opioid crisis, and that's probably an underestimate.
and that the opioid crisis is actually an attack on America that is being wholly ignored by everybody that's in this performance because it is being misconstrued as the drop in lifespan that came from the gain-of-function virus.
The drop in lifespan that comes from the bad shot.
No, they murdered people and lied about it, first and foremost.
And they probably also exaggerated the number of people that died.
And that's probably a lot of what Jessica Hockett's going to find out if anybody ever allows her to.
And death certificate fraud, you know, financial incentives to do all that stuff.
It's just that didn't have any real effect.
They didn't kill anybody by following financial incentives and protocols that were dictated by those financial incentives.
That's a pretty complicated thing to explain.
Track and trace, all this stuff that was just millions of dollars spent for nothing to create the illusion, that has nothing to do with it.
And certainly PCR fraud and lateral test flow fraud, we're gonna focus on that only after you admit that they don't have any virus, that these FOIAs are real.
That Sasha Lantipov is bad.
As long as you accept that, then I'll talk.
It's an ongoing lie.
They've been lying about this for four and a half years now.
They've been lying about this.
These people on this screen have been lying.
I don't think Nick Hudson is a liar.
I don't think that, I don't think Denny Rancor is probably a liar.
I actually don't think that really Ryan Cole is a liar either.
I think Ryan Cole finds himself in the same position that I think Peter McCullough finds himself in.
They have been co-opted by the national security operation.
They know what's up and they know they can't say anything.
So they say whatever they possibly can.
And that's why you hear Peter McCullough saying over and over again, what CHD and Meryl Nass don't even be able to say like once every year, much less once every tweet.
Peter McCullough is saying that the vaccine schedule is bad more often than Meryl Nass and CHD and Mary Holland combined.
How can that possibly be?
How can it possibly be that somebody like him is saying it more often than any of their accounts?
unless it's by design, unless those organizations have been sabotaged since the beginning of the pandemic or even before, which is much more likely.
And so that's the only way to explain how it is that these two guys in the rectangles were invited to Romania and that all these people heard their talks, but none of them reported it when they got back from Romania.
And instead, they only reported that Denny Rancourt says that 17 million people have been killed by the shot.
Not that Denny Rancourt says that there was no additive, there was nothing spreading.
That they omitted.
Not that Nick says that there's nothing spreading because that they omitted.
And instead of inviting those two people to the United States Senate, they invited two people from Romania and they invited Kevin McKernan.
who we just watched yesterday basically lay out the whole state narrative on April 24th, 2020, to a guy who used to work for Monsanto and the World Bank and decided to be a podcaster.
Ladies and gentlemen, they've lied to you about what happened.
and they will never tell you the truth that transfection in humans is criminally negligent and that RNA cannot pandemic because it's their job to make sure that this mythology reaches our children intact.
The only way to save our children is to teach them the biology that these people are lying about in books and on podcasts every day.
Sorry, that was a repeat slide not on purpose.
So this is our hypothesis.
I don't think it's that bad.
I think it's important to understand that an infectious clone or let's say a DNA molecule made in quantity or an RNA molecule made in quantity could be used to seed a PCR positive signal and a sequencing positive signal anywhere and everywhere they wanted to do it.
All they just have to do is make enough of it.
And these manufacturing techniques have existed for at least the previous 10 years before the pandemic started.
So the idea that they would have a very simple and high fidelity, it's like making chocolate milk, according to Kevin McKernan, that they could have seeded the illusion of a
a PCR signal that had nothing to do with anything in reality, and then slowly transition to just distorting a background signal into the ongoing evolution of something they say was released.
And Kevin McKernan yesterday, the video that we watched was one of these really limited spectrums of debate that got you really close to that idea, but still so eloquently supported the suppositions of the state that there was a gain of function virus.
Maybe it's a, I don't think it's a laboratory leak yet because we don't really have any experience, any evidence.
And the evidence is going to have to be really good.
Oh, hold my beer.
because drastic is coming because the argument in front of the Senate is coming because Fauci is going to say more stuff and Trump's going to say more stuff and emails are going to be released and, and, and, and dissertations.
And, and then there's going to be this diffuse proposal.
Just wait, Kevin McKernan.
A lot of that evidence is coming.
It's just 2020.
It's not there yet.
So it's perfect.
He, he said that the lab leak is possible, but only if they show, you know, it's really the bonuses on them.
in 2020.
Ladies and gentlemen, stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
The number one danger is that our children don't understand
that the vaccine schedule in America is wholly criminal and that there is one easy way out and that's biology.
Thank you very much for joining me.
If you like what you see, please share this work as widely as you possibly can.
Um, and if you liked it so much, you think you want to do something to help me and my family, um, make this a,
make this permanent, please go to gigoandbiological.com and find a way to support smaller, small, small donations.
I mean, some people send me little dollar bills that are folded in the shape of J's.
So, I mean, we need to put bologna sandwiches on the table.
That's it.
Otherwise, and then, and then I'm going to be here.
So thank you very much, everybody, for supporting this work.
And I will be here every day that I can.
Tomorrow is Saturday.
No, tomorrow's Friday.
So I'll see you tomorrow at 1010.
Be well.
I promise, I promise I'm gonna update this list.
I feel bad about not updating the list yet.
There are probably eight more names or so.
So give me, I'll try to do it in the next couple days.
Thank you guys.